text: What do you know about COVID-19?	labels: It is a virus of the respiratory system that can spread from person to person quite easily.	episode_done:True
text:What COVID 19 symptoms require that I seek medical help?	labels:Those who are infected with COVID-19 may have little to no symptoms. You may not know you have symptoms of COVID-19 because they are similar to a cold or flu. Symptoms haveincluded:cough fever difficulty breathing pneumonia in both lungsIn severe cases, infection can leadto death.Symptoms may take up to 14 days to appear after exposure to COVID-19. This is the longest known incubation period for this disease.Recent evidence indicates that the virus can be transmitted to othersfrom someone who is infected but not showing symptoms. This includes peoplewho:have not yet developed symptoms (pre-symptomatic) never develop symptoms (asymptomatic)While experts know that these kinds of transmissions are happening amongthose in close contact or in close physical settings, it is not known to whatextent. This means it is extremely important to follow the proven preventative measures.Think you might have COVID-19? Take a self-assessment 	episode_done:True
text:What is the best way to protect yourself from Covid 19?	labels: You can protect your child by having them wash hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds and avoid people who are sick. They should also stay away from people outside your home. This means you should avoid playdates, playing on public playgrounds, or being physically close to friends.You should also clean and disinfect surfaces that you touch a lot in household common areas like tables, chairs, and doorknobs. Wash clothes and plush toys frequently.	episode_done:True
text:What are the symptoms of COVID-19?	labels: If you've have COVID-19 and are pregnant, tell the obstetric unit and hospital before you go there. This is so that they can prepare to keep you and your baby as safe as they can.	episode_done:True
text:If you contract COVID 19 how do you treat yourself at home?	labels: Once a person has been released from isolation by a medical provider, they are not considered to pose a risk to others.	episode_done:True
text:Do I need to get tested if I don t have a fever?	labels: If you are having symptoms of COVID-19, call your health care provider to be tested. If you do not have a health care provider, call 2-1-1 to be connected with a local community or hospital-connected clinic for referral to a test site. Health care providers are encouraged to order a test for any child or adult who is showing symptoms of COVID-19, even if their symptoms are mild. 	episode_done:True
text:How long does the virus live on surfaces?	labels:A recent study shows that the virus can live in the air and on surfaces from several hours to several days. On plastic, it can live for up to 72 hours (3 days). On stainless steel, it can live for up to 48 hours (2 days). On cardboard, it can live up to 24 hours (1 day). On copper, it can live up to four hours. It is detectable in the air for up to three hours. However, the amount of virus that remains is quite minimal - so the risk is still relatively low to contract COVID-19 from these surfaces.  It is still important to regularly clean and disinfect high-touch surfaces as well as packages and mail that come through. Remember to wash your hands frequently with soap and water or an alcohol based hand sanitizer (60%). 	episode_done:True
text:Should I stay home?	labels: Staying at home and using "social distancing" helps stop the virus from spreading quickly. This helps to reduce the burden on healthcare systems, as there are not enough hospital workers and beds if too many people get sick at once.Social distancing means staying farther away from other people and avoiding groups of people. Since COVID-19 mostly spreads from person-to-person interactions, staying at least 6 feet away from other people can help stop the spread. It is important to use social distancing because people can spread COVID-19 even if they feel fine. It is especially important to use social distancing to protect people who are more likely to get very sick from the disease. 	episode_done:True
text:What is corona virus?	labels: Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses. There are different types of coronaviruses.Some types of coronavirus are more common in people and some versions are more common in animals. Rarely, a type of the virus that was common in animals can spread to people. "Coronavirus Disease 2019” (which is shortened to "COVID-19") is an example of a type of coronavirus that has recently spread to humans.	episode_done:True
text:Is it true that you can get the virus again even after you ve recovered?	labels:Once a person has been released from isolation by a medical provider, they are not considered to pose a risk to others. 	episode_done:True
text: What is Tamiflu?	labels: NA inhibitor	episode_done:True
text: I am 43 What s the chance of my survival if I get covid?	labels: Because COVID-19 is a new disease, we are still learning how it affects pregnant women. At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that pregnant women are at a greater risk for more serious outcomes related to COVID-19 or that their developing child could be negatively affected by COVID-19. You can protect yourself from becoming ill by taking the following precautions:stay home as much as possible, except for important medical appointments talk to your doctor, obstetrician or midwife about the possibility of telephone or videoconference appointments avoid unnecessary visitors to your home wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds use alcohol-based hand sanitizer if soap and water are not available practise physical distancing by keeping a distance of at least 2 metres from others avoid touching your mouth, nose and eyes avoid crowded places and peak-hours make limited trips to the store for essentials avoid travel by public transitFor more information, refer to our advice for motherson pregnancy, childbirth and caring for newborns. If you are pregnant and concerned about COVID-19, speak to your health care provider.	episode_done:True
text: What should I use to disinfect grocery bags and grocery items?	labels: Washing your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds is the best way to protect yourself and your family from getting sick! Wash your hands regularly, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, sneezing, going to the restroom, and before eating or preparing food. If you do not have soap and water, use an alcohol based hand sanitizer that has at least 60% alcohol.	episode_done:True
text: How is it transmitted?	labels: There is currently no evidence to suggest that food is a likely way of spreading COVID-19. Food safety experts are closely watching the spread of COVID-19.	episode_done:True
text: covid symptoms?	labels: Children and adults have the same COVID-19 symptoms, although children might not get as sick as adults. Children might get a fever, runny nose, or cough. Some children have had vomiting or diarrhea. We are still learning about how COVID-19 affects children.	episode_done:True
text: Would using heated vapor humidifier help with sanitizing the sinuses of the covid 19?	labels: COVID-19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus. Sometimes people also call it "coronavirus," which is is the type of virus that causes COVID-19. COVID-19 causes some symptoms that are like getting a cold or flu. But some people get worse symptoms and need more care. COVID-19 is caused by a new type of virus that our body has not seen before. Since our body has not seen it before, our immune system has to learn how to fight off this new virus.	episode_done:True
text: Will social distancing slow the spread of covid 19?	labels: Current thinking is that COVID-19 mostly spreads from person to person through respiratory droplets. But some studies show that the virus can last on surfaces, so it is possible that someone could get the virus by touching a surface that has the virus on it and then touching their mouth, nose, or eyes.	episode_done:True
text: what are he covid symptoms?	labels: Children and adults have the same COVID-19 symptoms, although children might not get as sick as adults. Children might get a fever, runny nose, or cough. Some children have had vomiting or diarrhea. We are still learning about how COVID-19 affects children.	episode_done:True
text: What is a dry cough?	labels: SARS-CoV stands for "Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome-associated CoronaVirus." It is a virus that can cause serious problems with breathing and the lungs. It is different from the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic. The SARS-CoV virus was first found in Asia in 2003 and last known human case was in China in 2004. SARS-CoV spreads through close person to person contact and caused flu like symptoms.	episode_done:True
text: what is the life of COVID-19 virus?	labels: Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses. There are different types of coronaviruses.Some types of coronavirus are more common in people and some versions are more common in animals. Rarely, a type of the virus that was common in animals can spread to people. "Coronavirus Disease 2019” (which is shortened to "COVID-19") is an example of a type of coronavirus that has recently spread to humans.	episode_done:True